hi everybody this is Diana from sweetie
Salado and today we're going to make
spaghetti and meatballs a classic recipe
where we're going to make our marinara
sauce or gravy from scratch using
tomatoes and onions and lots and lots of
garlic and then meatballs come out
amazingly tender and moist on the inside
as always the link for this recipe is
going to be available at the end of the
video and in the infobox below so first
we're going to make our marinara sauce
so in a large pot we're going to heat
some olive oil on medium heat and then
we're going to add some white onion that
has been chopped
and we're gonna cook the onion for about
five to ten minutes
then we're going to add lots and lots of
garlic I'm using about five cloves
and we're going to cook this for about a
minute or two
to the onion and garlic mixture we're
going to add some Tomatoes i'm using
crushed tomatoes because i'd like a
really velvety sauce but if you want it
chunkier you can use whole tomatoes and
crushed tomatoes
then we're going to add one to two bay
leaves we're also going to add a couple
teaspoons of salt this is just to begin
with we're going to add more later on
and then we're also going to add some
white sugar
now we're going to cover this and we're
going to cook it on low heat for about
an hour and a half and in the meantime
we are going to make our meatballs so to
make our meatballs we're going to add
some ground beef to a large bowl you can
also use pork and veal I'd like to use
ground beef
then we're going to add a couple of eggs
some freshly grated Parmesan cheese
flat-leaf parsley bread crumbs oregano
basil nutmeg chopped garlic and salt and
pepper to taste
now we're going to mix everything with
our hands as much as we can
and then once most of it is well blended
we are going to add about half a cup of
warm water and this is going to make our
meatballs nice and smooth
then we're going to shape our meatballs
using our hands and to make it easier
i'm using an ice cream scooper this also
helps me to make sure that they're all
and even size and once we have our
meatballs ready we're going to place
them on a lined cookie sheet or baking
dish
and then we're going to bake them at 350
degrees for about 20 to 25 minutes or
until they're cooked through and once
you take them out you can either freeze
them to use later or add them to the
sauce to give it a more meaty flavor now
after an hour and a half of cooking we
are going to add some tomato paste this
is completely optional but it makes your
sauce a little bit thicker so if you
want it run here you don't have to add
it we're also going to add some parsley
oregano basil we're going to give it a
stir and we're also going to taste for
seasoning because tomatoes take a lot of
salt so if it needs more salt you can
add it right now before adding your
meatballs to the sauce
and once you add your meatballs we're
going to cover this and we're going to
cook for another 30 minutes in the
meantime we are going to cook our pasta
according to the package instructions
and then once it's cooked all we have to
do is serve we're going to serve a nice
portion of spaghetti and then on top
we're going to add a couple meatballs
we're also going to add lots of gravy on
top and then we're going to sprinkle
some freshly grated Parmesan cheese
and that's your recipe for making
spaghetti and meatballs from scratch
if you enjoyed this video and this
recipe please give it a thumbs up share
with your friends and subscribe to this
channel which is absolutely free and
then that way you can be up to date with
all new videos that I upload in the
future and don't forget that you can
follow me on facebook twitter instagram
pinterest and google+ thanks everybody
for watching and i hope to see you next
time bye bye in blimp voyage
you